You are stubborn
What right do you have to oppose the entire Lin Group?
Who doesn't know the performance of the company over the years?
Joined the company for less than three years
You've done great things for the company.
And I did it on my own.
Created a doubling of yields for three consecutive years
The Myth of Total Profit Breaking 1 billion
And what do you do but eat, drink, prostitute and gamble?
Uncles
I'm afraid there's something you don't know yet
This is the library that just took over the project last month
Directly lead to the company
Lost a whole 1 billion
What is his project?
He actually lost all his three-year profits
The contributions of birth to the company are obvious to all
Should be the head of the family council
I was wrong. I lied and made some plans.
Someone is better than Chu Sheng
It's more suitable for this book, hahahaha.
Now it seems
Lim Chusheng serves as deputy head of the family council
That is
as expected
I lost a billion.
It's not for Lin Chusheng to wipe his butt
The salary of migrant workers is divided into perfect gold for a whole year
If I hadn't taken the project money to pay them off
salary
What do you let them do?
It's not them.
Hard-earned money for a whole year
They're just trash at the bottom of society.
I don't care how they live
Without them
What do you eat?
What to live and wear
Anyway.
Can't change
The fact that you misappropriated project funds without authorization
Hahahaha
Taking shit can be a fart
I got wet half an hour ago.
Big Diamond
11.7 meters